Updated README (#25)
adoptium/mirror-scripts: README.md

# OpenJDK Mirror Scripts

These scripts are run at https://ci.adoptopenjdk.net/view/git-mirrors/ and are responsible for updating the Eclipse Adoptium clones of the various OpenJDK Skara github repositories that we are interested in building.

## For developers

OpenJDK Source Control repositories are now managed using the GitHub (project Skara). The Git repositories are mirrored at OpenJDK.

Examples of converted repositories are available at https://github.com/openjdk/.

# Skara repos and processes

> The migration to Github from Mercurial are available at https://openjdk.org/jeps/369

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Historical information about the migration to OpenJDK GitHub from Mercurial is available at https://openjdk.org/jeps/369
```

> The **mercurialToGit.sh** script mirrors and merges the corresponding Mercurial repository into the matching Adoptium mirror:

Reviewer 2: Delete lines 15-21, as these are not relevant any more.

Author: Hi @andrew-m-leonard resolved

> The **mercurialToGit.sh** script mirrors and merges the corresponding Mercurial repository into the matching Adoptium mirror:

Reviewer 2: Sorry I wasn't clear, source lines 15-21 need deleting, ie.the Mercurial bits:
```
The **mercurialToGit.sh** script mirrors and merges the corresponding Mercurial repository into the matching Adoptium mirror:
```
hg.openjdk.java.net/jdk-updates/jdk<NN>u     --->    github.com/adoptium/jdk<NN>u (master)
hg.openjdk.java.net/jdk/jdk                  --->    github.com/adoptium/jdk(master)
```
This mirroring utilizes the "git-remote-hg" Mercurial fast importer plugin (https://github.com/felipec/git-remote-hg), and mirrors
the Mercurial "default" branch to the "master" branch in the git repo.
```

## For developers

> OpenJDK Source Control repositories are now managed using the GitHub (project Skara). The scripts within the projects that use Mercurial repositories

Reviewer: I think only the first sentence needs to be kept

Author: Alright then

Author: Hello @karianna I have resolved it.

from github.com/adoptium/jdk\<NN\>u , would not be invalidated but would be converted to Git. The existing master Mercurial repos will at least be kept as read-only archives for a defined transition period. Longer term, a Mercurial URL to Git URL translator might be put into place.

> There is a program put in place to convert OpenJDK Mercurial repositories to a Git repository. It uses the git-fast-import protocol to import Mercurial changesets into Git, and it adjusts existing commit messages to align with Git best practices. A commit message for the Mercurial jdk/jdk repository has this structure:

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need all of this detail.  We simply mirror the Git repos at OpenJDK and don't have to worry about the mecurial -> git conversion side of things.

Author: Alright then, I would resolve this ASAP. Thank you @karianna
